Update compute-and-disk.mdx (#30284)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/platform/compute-and-disk.mdx

The following table describes the base instances, Nano (free plan) and Micro (paid plans), with additional compute instance sizes available if you need extra performance when scaling up.

> <Admonition type="note" label="Nanos in pro orgs">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Admonition type="note" label="Nano instances in Pro organizations">
```

> In Pro organizations, Nano's are billed as Micros, so we recommend upgrading them when it's convenient for you. See [Supabase Pricing](https://supabase.com/pricing) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Pro organizations, Nano instances are billed at the same price as Micro instances, so we recommend upgrading your Nano instances when it's convenient for you. We don't auto-upgrade because of the downtime incurred. See [Supabase Pricing](https://supabase.com/pricing) for more information.
```
